---
title: Policy
layout: default
---

#### IEEE Computer Society Open Conference Statement

Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion are central to the goals of the IEEE
Computer Society and all of its conferences. Equity at its heart is
about removing barriers, biases, and obstacles that impede equal access
and opportunity to succeed. Diversity is fundamentally about valuing
human differences and recognizing diverse talents. Inclusion is the
active engagement of Diversity and Equity.

A goal of the IEEE Computer Society is to foster an environment in which
all individuals are entitled to participate in any IEEE Computer Society
activity free of discrimination. For this reason, the IEEE Computer
Society is firmly committed to team compositions in all sponsored
activities, including but not limited to, technical committees, steering
committees, conference organizations, standards committees, and ad hoc
committees that display Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion.

IEEE Computer Society meetings, conferences and workshops must provide a
welcoming, open and safe environment, that embraces the value of every
person, regardless of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity or expression, age, marital status, religion, national origin,
ancestry, or disability. All individuals are entitled to participate in
any IEEE Computer Society activity free of discrimination, including
harassment based on any of the above factors.

#### IEEE Event Conduct and Safety Statement

IEEE believes that science, technology, and engineering are fundamental
human activities, for which openness, international collaboration, and
the free flow of talent and ideas are essential. Its meetings,
conferences, and other events seek to enable engaging, thought provoking
conversations that support IEEEâ€™s core mission of advancing technology
for humanity. Accordingly, IEEE is committed to providing a safe,
productive, and welcoming environment to all participants, including
staff and vendors, at IEEE-related events.

IEEE has no tolerance for discrimination, harassment, or bullying in any
form at IEEE-related events. All participants have the right to pursue
shared interests without harassment or discrimination in an environment
that supports diversity and inclusion. Participants are expected to
adhere to these principles and respect the rights of others.

IEEE seeks to provide a secure environment at its events. Participants
should report any behavior inconsistent with the principles outlined
here, to on site staff, security or venue personnel, or to:
eventconduct@ieee.org.
