---
title: Mentoring
layout: default
---

## Student Mentoring Program

The Mentoring Program at IEEE Cluster 2022 is a program for PhD, Master, and
Undergraduate students that wants to help students building their scientific
career as efficiently as possible. The scientific presentations and interactions
with conference attendees help them develop their technical skills. The Student
Mentoring Program complements and extends this development by fostering the
integration of the students into the Cluster scientific community, advising them
to plan their professional career in academia or industry, improving their
scientific communication skills, and providing them with the right entry points
for efficient professional networking.

## Applying to the Mentoring Program

The Student Mentoring Program is not just another publication venue. All
interested students can apply through a simple, non-competitive process, by
providing a short description of why they want to participate in the conference,
the id(s) of any works submitted to the conference or associated workshops, the
name of their advisor, and their CV. The student’s adviser should endorse the
student’s application and will be contacted once the application is submitted.

## Student travel awards - for students at U.S. institutions

Thanks to the National Science Foundation, several travel awards will be
available for students enrolled in US institutions and participating in the
Student Mentoring Program at the IEEE Cluster 2022 conference. Students with
accepted papers in the main conference track or in workshops, or students with
posters must apply to and participate in the Student Mentoring Program to be
eligible for the travel award. Notice of travel awards will be made prior to the
conference. The travel awards will be distributed post-conference in the form of
reimbursements against actual travel, registration, and accommodation expenses
submitted by the student. Both graduate and undergraduate students can apply.

## Submission Guidelines

Please submit your application via our [online submission
system](https://clustercomp.org/submit). A sample application form is available
[here](https://ssl.linklings.net/conferences/ieeecluster/?args=Aprcnt3DxGzb0zU3TJUHtGyfHfbQIf0zQArsf0Jprcnt3DbATzU30IXrfGzIXrfNMaTz0Cx0zfsGa9Np_THQP0Aprcnt3DxfGzb0sprcnt3Dyprcnt3DUI0HQP0Aprcnt3DxfTtUbb0XfQbGCffftsUzIfb9M99TzYprcnt3D40bprcnt3DQxGdbUfTzYprcnt3D40QHHGdbUfTzYprcnt3D40Iprcnt3Dxprcnt3DGdbUfTrAprcnt3DxGzQArsf0IQ3TrJUHtGzQArsf0IQ3TEGahpac).

## Important Dates

Applications will be reviewed starting on: July 24, 2022.

Travel awards for students in USA institutions in the amount of up to $1,000 will be assigned on a first-come, first-serve basis until completion of the available funding.

We will accept applications for the student mentoring program with NSF travel support (when applicable) until July 24, 2022. Applications submitted after July 24, 2022, but prior to August 28, 2022, will be still considered for the student mentoring program but will not be considered for travel support.

Student Mentoring Chair:

* Sarah M. Neuwirth, Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany

Student Travel Award Chair:

* Sunita Chandrasekaran, University of Delaware, USA