---
title: Workshops & Tutorials
layout: default
---


## Workshops

The following workshops have been accepted and are actively soliciting submissions:

* [HPC for international collaboration between Europe and Latin America](https://kabre.cenat.ac.cr/hpceuropelatam2022/) (HPCEuropeLatAm2022)
* Embracing Arm for HPC (EAHPC-2022)
* [Workshop on Re-envisioning Extreme-Scale I/O for Emerging Hybrid HPC Workloads](https://sites.google.com/view/rexio) (REX-IO'22)
* [Workshop on Monitoring and Analysis for High Performance Computing Systems Plus Applications](https://sites.google.com/view/hpcmaspa2022) (HPCMASPA 2022)

## Tutorials

### Introduction to Research Data Management (RDM) with Hands-On for HPC Use Cases

The amount of data generated by research projects is constantly growing. Research institutions and funders increasingly demand for measures to ensure data safety and data quality sustainably.
This workshop will give an introduction into the motivation, basics and concepts of RDM, as well as hints for practical work. Participants will learn guidelines on structuring and documenting data, utilizing metadata and working collaboratively on data. They also learn how to tackle data publications and what to consider when creating data management plans.  A hands-on exercise will be done using the Coscine research data platform, to include RDM into HPC environments.

The workshop is split into lectures, interactive exercises and practical hands-on-sessions, with the opportunity to discuss
participants questions.

* Marcel Nellesen, RWTH Aachen University
* Christian Loeschen, TU Dresden

### Heterogeneous Programming in Modern C++ with SYCL

Parallel programming can be used to take advantage of heterogeneous architectures including GPUs, FPGAs, XPUs, IPUs, TPUs or special units on CPUs to significantly increase the performance of applications. SYCL is an open standard programming model that is defined by the industry and lets developers support many of these processors from different vendors using a single code base and only modern standard C++ code. This tutorial will give software developers the knowledge they need to begin developing parallel applications using C++ and the SYCL programming model. Our goal is to equip attendees with the skills they need to build highly performant applications that can be used in the fields of HPC and AI and deployed to multiple hardware platforms. We will cover the fundamentals of the SYCL programming model before moving to more advanced topics. We will explore how SYCL can be used to write serious applications, covering intermediate to advanced features of SYCL as well as some of the tools and libraries that support SYCL application development. This is a hands-on tutorial, attendees will work through exercises that represent key design patterns encountered by people who program heterogeneous systems and deploy this code to multiple processors from different vendors.

* Aksel Alpay, Heidelberg University
* Igor Baratta, University of Cambridge
* Tom Deakin, University of Bristol
* Peter Žužek, Codeplay